Let's take a look at an IMS org
in the context of applications.
I think it's helpful to
understand at this point.
Is every application with the
Adobe Experience Cloud is
either a SaaS based application,
meaning it's a multi tenant
infrastructure behind it or
it's a non SAS based application
which likely means it's a single
tenant infrastructure behind it.
And not all applications can
run within an IMS org meeting.
Not all applications get their user
access rights and permissions from an IMS,
or they may be actually self policed
within the application itself.
So what applications are native
to an IMS or from a provisioning
perspective as well as user access
control is managed at the store level,
so analytics,
audience manager and target are
kind of the first three that
you see show up here where these
applications are sass based.
In user access control to them
is managed at the IMS org level.
There are also multi tenant so
there can only ever be 1 analytics
license deployed.
1 Outings,
manager license or one target license,
deployed perms org and there's
ways to section off within those
individual solutions and analytics.
We call them report suites and
audience metrics data sources
and then target it's workspaces.
But a way to give different teams
ways to play with in their own space
without touching another team's data.
This looks a little different when
you talk about some of the other
applications that we have sitting
outside here on the left experience platform.
Actually,
before I figured out it falls
into the same camp experience,
platform and all of its app services.
It kind of set on top.
Also,
can only have one license provisioned
by an IMS org and it also provides
its own way of creating separation
of data for between teams and
business units through something
that we call sandboxes,
which we learn about in a different module.
So what do we kind of do left with all
these other applications over here?
This is kind of interesting,
so when we look at Marketo,
Marketo kind of lives here on the edge.
And what I mean by this is user
access control is actually managed
within the Marketo instance itself.
But it has the ability to be connected
to an IMS work and so IT company
can actually have many licenses are
from our keto and therefore connect
many of them too and optionally
into the IMS work campaign.
V7 actually looks the same way,
so you can have many campaign instances here.
That start to show up and you start to
see the it's a little different though
when you get to campaign standard
campaign standard actually was.
A tool that we built that is SAS
based but it's single tenant so
there can be many campaign standard
instances that a customer may be
running and operating with M&amp;MS org.
But they are already provisioned and
all the user access controls actually
managed within IMS work not within
the singular application itself.
And then you kind of have
experience manager and magenta.
The comments engine I'm sitting
off to the side and these kind of
fall into a hybrid camp as well.
Depending on which version of it.
So experience manager actually
comes in three versions today.
We have experience manager kind of old.
This is the on Prem solution,
not IMS or compatible.
Licensed but not connected to an IMS org.
You've experienced manager,
cloud services or managed services scuse
me which can be connected to an IMS org.
And then you have experience Manager cloud
service different than managed service.
So experience manager managed services
about us hosting the infrastructure
for you or cloud services truly
making it scalable based off of
the cloud architecture and we host.
And that is always I'm IMS specific.
From that perspective,
the Magento Commerce engine currently
lives more along the experience
manager on Prem solution standpoint,
but there's a lot of active work right
now to bring this in and to make it
live more here on the edge we have the
option to hook it up and collect it
and you'll see a lot of this coming
through enhanced data collection
plugins where we can actually tag users.
If you remember going back to this screen
with that and being able to bring that
forward so that functioning can be captured.
A collection time off of these solutions.
And it actually brings up a
really good point with that.
We're easy.
It plays on these solutions as it starts to
really exist when you look at analytics.
When you look at Target.
When you look at audience manager,
this is really where the
easy ideas starts to show up.
In a lot of our solutions because
this is where your digital first
party data that you're collecting
on that customer coming to your
website starts to happen.
And in the magenta and the experience
manager stack usually see this
deployed through our SDK's or
will start to collect this data.
Campaign Marketo can really don't
have easy ideas 'cause they're
based off of an unknown customer.
So you typically have a permit
in these spaces.
Which is what's most common,
but they also can get an easy
ID if a customer comes online,
so something that you'll typically
see in these solutions,
and I'm kind of notating it here.
You'll see us here,
and there may be an easy ID.
Optionally.
If this customer ever activates online,
the most common way that you'll see
these things kind of show up here is,
let's say,
the customer does something
where you've sent a new email.
Or a push message and then
they open or click
that message. That's why you would start
to see them getting a nice ideas because
we're able to at that time tie them
back to something that they've done.
And so this is just a friendly reminder
of how these solutions kind of work
together within IMS work and how you
can think about architecting things,
especially when a customer has a
variety of different solutions.
Why some of them may be plentiful within
IMS organ? Why you may only see one.
For other solutions out there. Thanks.